doc(DataManagement) Add documentation for data management (#1109)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/ui-designer-overview.md

To use a layout in a business application, export it from the Bonita UI designer, import it as a Bonita Portal resource, and map it as the layout of the relevant application.

> ### Business Data model Synchronization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Business Data Model (BDM) and UI Designer
```

> Business Data Model is synchronized from Bonita Studio to Bonita UI-Designer when you deployed your BDM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Business Data Model, defined in Bonita Studio, is exposed in the UI Designer.
```

> This synchronization is done by a new independent process and managed by Bonita Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The synchronization is done by a new independent process and managed by Bonita Studio.
```

See [Data management](variables.md#business-data) section to know how to use this Business Data Model.

> If an error occurs, restart you Bonita Studio allow you restart this process.

Reviewer: Finally, I think we should say this here. It is more a trouble shooting stuff, that should not appear in the general section.
Not sure we have a trouble shooting section, so the icon+tooltip in the UID should be enough.
